data communication (#32)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: agent-interface/client-custom-tools/custom-tools-data-communication.md

> ## Data Communication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Conversation Data in the External Tools
```

> #### What data will be communicated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Data 

- [ ] Format

```

<table border="1" class="docutils">
   <thead>
      <tr>
         <th>Property Name</th>
         <th>Description</th>
      </tr>
   </thead>
   <tbody>
      <tr>
         <td>bot.predicted_domain</td>
         <td>The name of the bot that was handling the conversation with the user</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>entities</td>
         <td>This block will hold meaningfull intents of the user</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>entities.entity_name</td>
         <td>The entity names are unique to each of our bots</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>entities.entity_name.detection</td>
         <td>How we detected the entity, its value will in most cases be 'message'</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>entities.entity_name.language</td>
         <td>Launguage of the conversation</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>entities.entity_name.entity_value</td>
         <td>What we derived</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>entities.entity_name.original_text</td>
         <td>What the user said</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### How do we send data

> We send data to the iframe which has loaded the client's external tool via javascript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We send data to the parent iframe of the external tool via javascript.```

```
iframeET = '<iframe on which the external tool loads>'
data = '<json object with data>'
iframeEl.contentWindow.postMessage(data)
```

for more information on what postMessage is, please refer to [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/postMessage )

> #### How we expect the client to receive the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Consuming the data in the external tool
```

## Data Communication

> #### What data will be communicated

Reviewer: This will need to be finalized with a structure, don't want to do custom work per client.

Author: understood

We provide data based on requirements as specified by our clients.

#### How do we send data

We send data to the iframe which has loaded the client's external tool via javascript.

```
iframeET = '<the iframe element within our dom>'
data = '<json object with client specified data>'
iframeEl.contentWindow.postMessage(data)
```

#### How we expect the client to receive the data

> The client's external tool will have to add a listener for 'message' sent via 'postMessage'.

Reviewer: What is postMessage? Add a link or a reference here. I had to google it.

Author: done

We will provide the data once the iframe is loaded successfully.

Refer to the below code snippet that explains how a client should receive data.

```json
function setEventListener(element, eventName, eventHandler) {
    if (element.addEventListener) {
        element.addEventListener(eventName, eventHandler, false);
    } else if (element.attachEvent) {
        element.attachEvent('on' + eventName, eventHandler);
    }
}

setEventListener(window, 'message', function (e) {
	// e.data is the json object sent by the parent window

>     var parentData = e.data;

Reviewer: format of the data?

Author: wip
